feat: add load demo data button for the online demo webapp (#60)
NPLinker/nplinker-webapp: README.md

Reviewer: Wrap the troubleshooting or image info for installation part

# NPLinker Web Application

👉 **[Webapp Live Demo](https://nplinker-webapp.onrender.com)**

This is the [NPLinker](https://nplinker.github.io/nplinker/latest/) web application (webapp), developed with [Plotly Dash](https://dash.plotly.com/), which enables you to visualize NPLinker predictions in an interactive way.

NPLinker is a Python framework for data mining microbial natural products by integrating genomics and metabolomics data. For a deep understanding of NPLinker, please refer to the [original paper](https://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/journal.pcbi.1008920).

## Online Demo

> A live demo of the NPLinker webapp is automatically deployed to [Render](https://render.com/) and updated every time the `main` branch is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A live demo of the NPLinker webapp is automatically deployed to [Render](https://render.com/) from `main` branch.
```

You can try out the webapp directly in your browser [here](https://nplinker-webapp.onrender.com).

### Getting Started with Demo Data

> The webapp includes a convenient **"Load Demo Data"** button that automatically downloads and loads sample data for testing. Simply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webapp includes a convenient **"Load Demo Data"** button that automatically loads some sample data for you to try. Simply:
```

> 1. Open the live demo link above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [live demo link](https://nplinker-webapp.onrender.com/)
```

2. Click the **"Load Demo Data"** button below the file uploader
3. The app will automatically download and process the sample dataset from [`tests/data/mock_obj_data.pkl`](https://github.com/NPLinker/nplinker-webapp/blob/main/tests/data/mock_obj_data.pkl)

> 4. Start exploring the genomics-metabolomics linking features!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start exploring natural product linking features!
```

> This hosted version is intended only for lightweight demo purposes. For full functionality, including large-scale data processing and persistent storage, please install the application locally or via Docker as described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo web server is intended only for lightweight demo purposes. For full functionality, including large-scale data processing and persistent storage, please install the application locally or via Docker as described below.
```

<details>

> <summary>⚠️ Demo Limitations</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>⚠️ Demo Server Limitations</summary>
```

* **File size limits**: The demo data button loads a small sample dataset suitable for testing. Uploading large datasets via the file uploader may lead to errors or timeouts.
* **No persistent storage**: Uploaded files are not saved between sessions.
</details>

## Using the webapp

### Input Data

The webapp accepts data generated by NPLinker and saved as described in the [NPLinker quickstart section](https://nplinker.github.io/nplinker/latest/quickstart/). For testing purposes, a small sample dataset is provided in [`tests/data/mock_obj_data.pkl`](https://github.com/NPLinker/nplinker-webapp/blob/main/tests/data/mock_obj_data.pkl) that can be used to try out the webapp.

Please note that links between genomic and metabolomic data must currently be computed using the NPLinker API separately, as this functionality is not yet implemented in the webapp (see [issue #19](https://github.com/NPLinker/nplinker-webapp/issues/19)). If no links are present in your data, the scoring table will be disabled.

## Installation

Before installing NPLinker webapp, ensure you have:

> - [Python 3.10](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Python ≥3.10](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
```

Reviewer: reject the change if it require v3.10 exactly

You can try out the dashboard directly in your browser here:
👉 **[Live Demo](https://nplinker-webapp.onrender.com)**

### Getting Started with Demo Data

The webapp includes a convenient **"Load Demo Data"** button that automatically downloads and loads sample data for testing. Simply:
1. Open the live demo link above
2. Click the **"Load Demo Data"** button below the file uploader
3. The app will automatically download and process the sample dataset from [`tests/data/mock_obj_data.pkl`](https://github.com/NPLinker/nplinker-webapp/blob/main/tests/data/mock_obj_data.pkl)
4. Start exploring the genomics-metabolomics linking features!

### ⚠️ Demo Limitations
Please note the following limitations of the hosted demo:
* **Cold start delay**: Free-tier apps on Render sleep after 15 minutes of inactivity and may take 20–30 seconds to wake up.
* **Performance**: This is a minimal deployment on a free tier and is not optimized for large datasets or concurrent users.
* **File size limits**: The demo data button loads a small sample dataset suitable for testing. Uploading large datasets via the file uploader may lead to errors or timeouts.

> * **No persistent storage**: Uploaded files are not saved between sessions.

Reviewer: It's ok not to remove the uploaded data, I was just curious about that.  If you remove the uploaded data, won't you need it any more after processing? does the processed data stay in memory?

> * **No persistent storage**: Uploaded files are not saved between sessions.

Author: Yes the processed data stay in memory, while the pkl file wasn't used anymore anyway. So I think this is a safer way of proceeding.

> * **No persistent storage**: Uploaded files are not saved between sessions.

Reviewer: good to know!
